---
title: "Future Research Plan"
---
  
My research interests focus primarily on applying multiple approaches to better understand the development of geologic structures and surface processes that shape the evolving landscapes on Earth. By better characterizing either old or active geologic structures, it helps us understand tectonic structures and comprehend tectonic movements of mountain belts. In addition to using well-established methods in structural geology, I utilize photogrammetry/LiDAR remote sensing techniques, particularly UAV-based data acqusition, and develop new methods or procedures to advance our knowledge in the area of deformation and development of geologic structures.  
  
Due to the enormous increase of computing powers, we have the chance of applying new remote sensing techniques to the studies of geology and natural hazards. The opportunity has arrived to solve geological and engineering problems in high resolution, because advanced methods in various fields are appearing regularly. However, the opportunity also brings a great challenge on how to make new observations, integrate various data types from multidisciplinary approaches. With the opportunity I am strongly motivated to fill the knowledge gap between geology and engineering. I plan on improving the resolution of geological information, such as the standard geologic map, by focusing on the “missing link” between geology and engineering at the kilometer-scale problems. The geologic structures and geomorphologic changes at the kilometer scales were poorly studied due to the lack of high-resolution datasets and appropriate methods in the past.   
  
I am interested in using high-resolution digital topography, various kinds of imagery and modeling techniques to study surface processes, particularly in characterizing, monitoring and modeling deep-seated landslides. Deep-seated landslides commonly occur within mountainous regions in the world with unpredictable locations and leading to catastrophic events to the human societies. Despite their common occurrence, the complexity of deep-seated landslides has challenged the investigations of their occurrence and limited our ability to further explore their nature and mechanisms of occurrence. Taiwan is a perfect place for studying deep-seated landslides as we have several well documented deep-seated landslide sites for investigations. Taking the foundation established from my current thematic project, my research aims to develop and better integrate Lidar, InSAR, and seismology for investigating several deep-seated landslide sites. The potential impact of this research is that we will be able to acquire the scale of multidisciplinary data that are enough to engage in understanding the complexity of deep-seated landslides, particularly, landslide mechanisms and controls, such as geologic structures, groundwater levels, material strengths, stick-slip behaviors, in order to effectively evaluate and possibly forecast the occurrence of deep-seated landslides.  
  
I will continue to work on applications of multi-period and multi-source high-resolution DEMs for understanding surface processes, such as landslide debris transport and dissipation by analyzing data-abundant landslide sites in Taiwan. The multi-period high-resolution DEMs acquired at the same experimental site can now be regarded as a natural laboratory for characterizing the true-scale erosion features that were impossible to obtain for large and precise coverage of the landslide slopes and downstream river channels. I will also continue to work on high-resolution geological mapping problems and find digital solutions to advance our knowledge of how to generate state-of-the-art 3D geological maps in the digital era for advanced geologic studies, such as active tectonics, structural geology, and mountain building processes, and natural hazards. I am enthusiastic about these studies and will continue to explore them in the future.  
